not
Paulo
charter
he - in the residences
a little who said you're the Christian half then if you were
worried about this fact of having signed such people
It is one thing to criticize on Tuesday that
pedestrians it is not always that you will see what it is that you think happened
who attests
not
We also need to believe in this rhythm.
everything happened after meeting with Singh and supporting
in a letter from the UN
the confusion
to domestic violence
Can you really believe
in large scale
it is up to him to decide
sr she is beautiful we received the inspection visit in the room
the girl
he would have been murdered
even so
the flight and security and it seems to us that the European laws are still unknown
deivid branquinho in rio verde
being overweight
in lives
finally everyone noticed
here state valley is not the same without you we promise
that we will make our best presentation until the moment of your
number
you were interested in the line
and work together again
domingues
but what are they doing?
tell me you were accepted by the supposed spirit of the stage
I hope his
have never been able to carry out this blind test because they do not honestly admit
with a single phone call we can put an end to all this
they do not need the insecurity
to lie
You do not care about the lives of your artists.
so out of the eyes wide
in any way to perform the fantastic technique
You know what I got was sacrificed, said Pellegrini.
you do not understand that the chaos is signed this by the fact if this does not
it matters
I am quite sure that we can carry out the technique
and every event that intends to promote biweekly debates
Except for your side, I do not believe either.
he wants to use you to increase your profits grow the miserable lathe
of 100
He who deals with my father's contract.
But I'm sorry, I said
and even if you succeed with this evidence, luca cielo de estado will end
what's to come
after his last presence
the footwear being attended by the shareholders
at least that's what he said
kakakakakakaka no matter what they do everything is lost
so it's no good doing
I just want you to know that you've always felt everything that you as a
club
I just ask you not to show me your pathetic side.
euros case
no matter what happens tomorrow we will do our best to close that
troop follow
I can not do it
effort should be made from December
this incident said the minister
there are seven magnificent
question will not lie 37
That's why this ranking is so I have my competence says
we are not yet classified should carry out the technique is simple
did you happen to see eliza?
It's just that I wanted to start rehearsing.
I do not know
that's right
the positive highlight
the hospital that first
there are at this moment you have no end
Why did you wait until the situation got worse?
the pain of being immense commotion for everything
so with one of them passed away wife more than she should
the only thing that you can overcome the fracture
they say it is not possible to continue treatment
I can not do this
presentation will be tomorrow
Marina is crazy
if you keep trying, maybe we can not see you
I do not care
marina
I just want you to give me something to take the dose.
and I also want this to be kept secret
Yes, I'm talking
fifty years
just thinking that we do not see
installed in the building
pathetic
what do you say
but it's happening
he understands very great
Dickinson
in the presidency
nothing happened
How come I do not have
it's going to be very cool
She will not be able to make the presentation of Juninho.
we need to wait a little
I hope he gets out